Dome tutorials updated images & text (#89)
ignitionrobotics/docs: dome/sdf_worlds.md

</include>
```

> We need to set `SDF_PATH` and `IGN_FILE_PATH` environment variables to the parent folder of our model. For example, if our directory looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to set `IGN_GAZEBO_RESOURCE_PATH` environment variable to the parent folder of our model. For example, if our directory looks like this:
```

Author: Oops I missed that one :see_no_evil:
